Detective Inspector Oscar milks
publisher sells you a few questions
did you know miss Cavell we were
neighbors she was always kind to me so
you didn't hear anything
no 28 year old Veronique rutted fell
from her apartment building and what
appears to be a suicide alleged war
criminal officially identified his
daughter's body
did you know they don't equal Sofia
please look after it for me there was a
woman in the end of my arm she's blind
[Music]
is it true that the loss of one sense
sharpens the others I'm being followed
these people kill everyday
[Applause]
whatever game you think you're playing
you just stumbled into someone else's
you don't have to do this
[Applause]
[Music]